Add document on giving presentations (#52)
BostonPython/about: giving-a-presentation.md

---
title: Giving a Presentation
sidebar_link: false
---

Boston Python's presentation events are a place for members of our community

> to share what they've learned about making python programs. Giving a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to share what they've learned about making Python programs. Giving a
```

Reviewer: This page doesn't push back on presentations motivated by self-interest, or pitches.  Is there a way we can do that gently?

Author: I was wondering about that. I haven't been able to come up with language that I liked for that. When I talk to people in person about this sort of proposal, I'm usually able to explain why this sort of talk isn't a good fit, and to redirect them towards something that would be a better fit. To that end, we would try something like this:

The best I can come up with, based on my in-person conversations is something like
```
### I have a really cool project that I think people could use. Can I give a talk about that?

We generally don't find that pitches for personal projects are a good fit our audience. Is 
there something you've learned from making this project that you think would be interesting to python
users? If so, maybe you can make a presentation out of that. Reach out to an organizer and 
let's talk about it!
```

However I think it might be better to have this conversation in person, so we can gauge whether the message has actually landed, or if they're just reworking their pitch to get past this filter.

Reviewer: I can live with doing this filtering in in-person conversations.

presentation to our audience is a way to give back to the community, and it
helps you understand the subject matter better - it's a win all around!

Presenters do not need to be "experts", they do not need to have contributed to

> the python language, created a library, or written a book. Anyone who has worked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Python language, created a library, or written a book. Anyone who has worked
```

with the language and learned something interesting from doing so has something
to share, and our community wants to hear you share it.

### How do I know if I have something to say?
If you're not sure whether you've got a Boston Python presentation in you, take
this quiz:

> - Have you learned something about the python language?

Reviewer 2: Thank you for putting together this guide. Nice to find out that folks are welcome to give presentations.

I am not sure if you are looking for feedback from one of the core maintainers, but one small nitpick if you allow:

the statement "Have you learned something about the python language?" to me is asking about whether someone discovered an artifact of the language, whereas your prior statement "Boston Python's presentation events are a place for members of our community to share what they've learned about making python programs" is more general, in that it is a bout "learning something when building python programs" ...

Author: Thanks for that, that's exactly the sort of feedback I was looking for!

Would it be better if we asked "Have you learned something about writing programs in python?"
(alternatively, is this "quiz" idea just too cute? we could probably drop it without doing any harm)

> - Have you learned something about the python language?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have you learned something about the Python language or ecosystem?
```

- Has it been useful to you?
- Do you think someone else might find it useful?

If you answered "yes" to any of those questions, there's a presentation waiting
to happen - and we'll help you find it, if you want.

### What sorts of talks are you interested in?

> We're open to topics of interest to a community of python users and learners,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're open to topics of interest to a community of Python users and learners,
```

ranging from quick "lightning talks" to deep-dive talks. Ideally, talks should
be pitched to an audience including users of all levels, from beginner to
experienced professional.

### But really, what should I talk about?
If you think a topic would be interesting to you, that's a good start! To
inspire you, we have a long list of [past talks](https://about.bostonpython.com/past-events/)

> If you're still not sure, reach out to an organizer and we'll help you find a topic.

Reviewer: Can we link "organizer" to the contacts page? Or to the #organizing channel?

### Okay, I'm interested. Where do I start?
If you're interested in presenting to the Boston Python community, and you have
a topic in mind, you can start by filling out
[this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ndedcjLoPiq6k_A7Q1eyxHk_8rMKBC-m2CZ6Pg9NlvE/edit).
If you have questions about giving a presentation, you can always reach out to

> an organizer on the Boston Python [slack channel](slack.md) (Jon, Ned, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an organizer in the Boston Python [Slack workspace](slack.md) (Jon, Ned, and
```
But we should also indicate the #organizing channel.

Reviewer: We could also say something here about our willingness to help with any phase of the preparation: ideation, drafting, polishing, rehearsing, etc.

> James are good bets to start with).

Reviewer: I think we should include Emily in the list.

Author: Sure, confirming this with her
